[4.0.0] Update docs for APIM on k8s (#3935)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/install/deploying-api-manager-with-kubernetes-or-openshift-resources.md

3.   Deploy WSO2 API Manager with WSO2 API Manager Analytics.

    Refer [Register for Analytics](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/4.0.0/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/register-for-analytics/) to setup the cloud Analytics solution and obtain an on-prem key.

    ```
    helm install --dependency-update --name <RELEASE_NAME> <HELM_HOME>/am-single --namespace <NAMESPACE> --set wso2.choreoAnalytics.enabled=true --set wso2.choreoAnalytics.endpoint=<CHOREO_ANALYTICS_ENDPOINT> --set wso2.choreoAnalytics.onpremKey=<ONPREM_KEY>
    ```

>     You can also provide the above configurations in `<HELM_HOME>/am-single/values.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also provide the above configurations in the `<HELM_HOME>/am-single/values.yaml` file.
```

        Example:
        ```
        NAME                                               HOSTS                                ADDRESS          PORTS      AGE
        wso2am-single-node-am-gateway-ingress              <RELEASE_NAME>-gateway               <EXTERNAL-IP>    80, 443    7m
        wso2am-single-node-am-ingress                      <RELEASE_NAME>-am                    <EXTERNAL-IP>    80, 443    7m
        wso2am-single-node-am-websub-ingress               <RELEASE_NAME>-websub                <EXTERNAL-IP>    80, 443    7m
        ```

    2.  Add the above hosts as entries in `/etc/hosts` file as follows:
    
          ```
          <EXTERNAL-IP>	<RELEASE_NAME>-am
          <EXTERNAL-IP>	<RELEASE_NAME>-gateway
          <EXTERNAL-IP>	<RELEASE_NAME>-websub
          ```

    3.  Try navigating to `https://<RELEASE_NAME>-am/carbon`, `https://<RELEASE_NAME>-am/publisher` and `https://<RELEASE_NAME>-am/devportal` from your favorite browser.
    
!!! note
    You can read the [README guide](https://github.com/wso2/kubernetes-apim/blob/v4.0.0.1/simple/am-single/README.md) of WSO2 API Manager Git repository for further details on other dependencies and configurations.

> Refer the following for deployment configurations of [Advanced Deployment Patterns](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/4.0.0/install-and-setup/setup/deployment-overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the deployment configurations with regard to the [Advanced Deployment Patterns]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/deployment-overview/).
```
